# October 11th, 2017

### Attendees

* [@benlesh](https://github.com/benlesh)
* [@ladyleet](https://github.com/ladyleet)
* [@kwonoj](https://github.com/kwonoj)
* [@david-driscoll](https://github.com/david-driscoll)

### Discussed

- Build Process needs simplification
  - Move lettable operators to next branch
  - Simplify build
  - CD and monorepo
- Issues labeled discussion 
  - Please bikeshed on these issues
- Cleaning up PRs and issues
  - Needs to happen
- Docs Translation
  - Need to think about tooling 
  - Getting started guide for translations probably best first step
  - How do we incrementally roll out translations?  
- Docs
  - Initial meeting scheduled 10/16 with 46 tentative attendees
  - Need to add issue - take TS files and convert them to ASTs, then traverse ASTs to extract out documentation.
- Ongoing meetings
  - CORE - Moved to Wednesday at 1030am every other week for 60 minutes
  - DOCS - Starting kickoff for every other week Wednesday at 930am for 60 minutes

 