# Meeting Notes June 6, 2018

## Attendees

* [Tracy Lee](http://github.com/ladyleet)
* [Ben Lesh](https://github.com/benlesh)
* [Jan Niklass-Wortmann](http://github.com/JWO719)
* [Ashwin Sureshkumar](http://github.com/ashwin-sureshkumar)

## Discussed

* PRIORITY: Code of conduct on docs

* PRIORITY: Get docs automatically publishing whenever we publish the releases

* Merge core team and this group into one group to combine conversations since the docs are now a part of the core repository.

* Content migration needs to happen 
  * API docs need to be updated - we need to make sure they are short and sweet and have the code examples
  * Getting started guides and code examples or fundamentals we also need to migrate over and start adding new content.

