# Meeting Notes July 18, 2018

## Attendees

* [Tracy Lee](http://github.com/ladyleet)
* [Ben Lesh](http://github.com/benlesh)
* [Nicholas Jamieson](http://github.com/cartant)
* [Matt Podwysocki](http://github.com/mattpodwysocki)
* [Natalie Smith](http://github.com/natmegs)
* [OJ Kwon](http://github.com/kwonoj)

## Discussed

* Google Analytics issue - Ben will resolve it.

* Travis CI issues discussed - OJ said to tag him on it and he'll check.

* Discussed taking beta off the docs - Tracy to create an issue.

* Adding "choose your operator" back to front page of docs - Tracy to create an issue.

* PSA - if docs PRs look good, anyone who has merge access can just merge it to speed up the process.

* PSA - anyone who wants to rebase a few pending PRs - please do so so we can merge some of the PRs in.

* Ben talked about experimental branch
  * callback style implementation
  *  Ben is working on a design doc for a test scheduler (in the experimental branch) that can better deal with actual asynchrony - although native async/await remains a problem. 

* Discussed adding capybara to Travis - would be good as an indicator but not as a blocker in Travis given implications.
