# March 28, 2018 Docs Meeting

### Attendees

* [Tracy Lee](http://github.com/ladyleet)
* [Ashwin Sureshkumar](http://github.com/ashwin-sureshkumar)
* [Jen Luker](http://github.com/knittingcodemonkey)
* [Diedrik De Mits](http://github.com/diedrikdm)

### Items Discussed

Ashwin got POC done on local - Ashwin writing up a proposal - spoke with Pete to change a few things - then sent it over to Ben. Trying to get approval to proceed. 
