# Meeting Notes April 25, 2018

## Attendees

[Ben Lesh](https://github.com/benlesh)
[Tracy Lee](http://github.com/ladyleet)
[David Driscoll](https://github.com/david-driscoll)

## Discussed

* RxJS 6 released 

* Need to discuss what we need to do with branches - master vs stable - now branches do not make sense and we need to move branches around.

* Experimental branch and design doc released last week from Ben - Ben is looking to do these things for RxJS 7 - eventually they need to go into RxJS master - but not yet. Some concerns here that need to be hashed out. Currently will stay in experimental.. but might have to rename stable branch to V5 or something...

* Need to file issues for tests that have not been updated to use pipeable operators - these are good first contributor issues. Ben would prefer new contributors take these issues - not a rush or high priority - but something that could motivate new people to do.

* New test runner stuff that Jay Phelps put in! Landed and is out in 6.0 - should probably go through and update our tests to use this instead of the magic globals.

* RxJS docs update - new dgeni docs are going to be released soon - yay API docs!

### Core Contributors

* Core team members need to continue to have context in RxJS. (Persons who have no context in RxJS core with write access pose a risk to the library.)

  * In order to stay a core team member, members need to be present at pre-scheduled meetings at least once a month. 

  * Core team members need to also be actively contributing monthly. 

  * Eligibility for core team members and/or write access  to the repo will be reviewed at core team meetings and voted based on consensus on a quarterly basis. 

  * Discussion around core team member and/or write access to be reviewed at our next meeting.